(DOCSP-33260): Swift: Asymmetric objects can now link to non-embedded types (#3043)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/swift/model-data/object-models.txt

.. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/code/start/AsymmetricSync.snippet.asymmetric-model.swift
   :language: swift

> .. versionchanged:: 10.42.4 AsymmetricObjects can link to non-embedded objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. versionchanged:: 10.42.4 Asymmetric objects can link to non-embedded objects.
```

> ``AsymmetricObjects`` broadly support the same property types as ``Object``, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``AsymmetricObject`` broadly supports the same property types as ``Object``, 
```

Reviewer: Can lowercase 'asymmetric' in line 540.
